i found a real world problem that i am trying to solve using the technology. this is a freelancing project so think about this thoroughly and then only answer it is a legal real life project i can not risk anything so make sure everything is right dont assume anything ask questions if need but understand eveything in the right context:

# Problem statement:- 
i went to play box cricket at the near by vender what they have as business setup is everything is managed on book first i will call the owner that i want to book a slot for playing 2 hours and we need to pay some advance token then the owner will contanct the actual worker who manages everything on site at the box itself he will tell him my name contact and the time slot that i booked and the payment that i have already made and the remaining payment. that worker will note down the slot entry in the book and then when we go to play he will not be able to know that we have booked the slot and after the end time we have to tell him my name i have booked this slot already made payment and remaining payment + if i have bought anything like waterbottle or snack then extra payment then he will mark the entry payment done and everything completed in the book and may be owner will come and check the book entry once in while but it is like full manual work no safety nothing owner may miss some details from the book everytime owner need to send slot detail everytime someone books the slot on call. everytime verify that customers had made payment at the end of the slot.


# Solution:-
there are basically 2 solution that i am thinking basic version and advanced version. basic version solves the problem on basic level not a full fledge proper solution but it does reduce the labor work. advanced version will fully solve the problem automate everything no labor work at all everything transfered to online.

    1. Basic Version:- so in this solution i can basically make a tool like software either a website or application whatever is better solution. there will be only two users of the tool owner and the worker who manages everything on site. simple nothing complicated when i book a slot for box owner will make entry in the tool with all the required details name number slot timings payment details etc. worker will also have access to the same data in the tool so he will only be able to do restricted actions like change payment status how much payment received mark entry as done. also owner can see the statistics of the sales and all how much earnings made monthwise custome range all analytical support given in the tool.using this basic version of the solution we can reduce most of labor and shift everything online. this way owner can also see all the history in the tool no need to manually send information no miscommunications chaces all safety is there. worker can not modify the data no misuse can be done. so this is the basic solution that i am thinking. just basic feature provided for the solution with extra feature only analytics.

    2. Advanced Version:- with this version i am thinking of making full fledged website that all customers can use as well as the owner and the worker also is able to use it. so basically 3 users owner as admin and watch over everything no work required from owner side. worker will still have restriced access to modify the data track slot entries. and all customers will be able to book the slot online using this website directly it will show available slots, pricind and all required details on the website when customer books a slot and make advance token payment(with integrated payment gateway) it will direcly add an slot entry in the tracking table worker will be able to see the new entry and everything. so this advance version fully converts the problem solution into online platform removing all the work needed from the owner. owner as admin user will just watch over everything.
    features provided:-
        - slots tracking(available, booked)
        - booked slot display table(to manage the entried mark as done payment status etc same as basic version)
        - online slot booking system integrated payment gateway
        - owner admin access to see staistics, analyze sales and everything
